We just got a reminder on the goal of the Order Service.
So let's get started on putting this thing together.
Here's what we're going to be doing inside of this video and the next one or two.
And the order service is going to be extremely similar in nature to the ticketing service.
So just about all the code, all the topics we have learned in the last couple of sections are going
to be 100% applicable to the order service as well.
This is actually really good news because it means we get to write the order service really quickly.
It's going to come together in a fraction of the time as what we spend on the tickets service.
So here's what we're going to do.
We're going to duplicate a lot of code out of the ticket service.
We're going to install some dependencies into the order service so we can eventually run some tests
on our local machine.
We'll build an image using Docker, create a Kubernetes deployment config file.
Set up some file sync options inside of our scaffold YAML file to make sure all the changes we make
inside of orders get synced into our running pod.
And then finally we're going to set up some routing rules inside the ingress service as well.
That's it.
Let's get started right away.
I'm going to flip back over to my editor and inside of my route ticketing directory, I'm going to make
a new folder called Orders.
I'm then going to open up my tickets directory and we're going to copy over a decent number of things
inside of here, over two orders.
So I'm going to multi select here.
I'm going to get my config file package, JSON, package, lock, docker, file, docker, ignore.
And we'll just start with those.
So I'm going to copy all that and then paste it into orders.
I'm then going to go into each of these files very quickly and just make sure that I change any references
to the tickets service over to orders instead.
So I'm going to start inside the Docker file.
No issues here.
I'm going to go into package JSON.
It looks like we have a name inside of here of tickets.
Doesn't really matter.
Nonetheless, let's update it to say orders instead.
I don't think there's anything else inside of here that's super relevant.
So I'm going to save the file and close it.
And then finally, the config file, definitely nothing super project specific inside of there.
Next up inside of orders, I'm going to make a new folder called RC.
We're going to copy over a couple of different things.
So I'm going to first copy over Nat's wrapper index and app TS from the ticket's CRC directory.
I'm going to copy those three and paste them into orders.
If we now open up those three files inside of orders, we're definitely going to see a lot of errors
throughout these different files.
So for example, inside of orders, probably going to see some errors around this route stuff probably
going to see a error or five inside the index file and inside of the Nat's wrapper as well.
That's okay.
As soon as we install dependencies, a lot of these errors are going to go away.
And the ones that don't go away, we're going to fix up on our own.
So that's all we're going to copy over for right now.
We will eventually copy over a couple of other files from tickets, but that's good enough for right
now.
So onto step two, we're going to install dependencies into the order service on our local machine.
The reason we're doing this is that we can eventually run some tests inside of here on our local machine
without having to rely upon any odd or Docker stuff or anything like that.
So I will go over to my terminal.
I'm going to open up a new terminal window inside the ticketing project directory.
Well then change into orders and do an NPM install.
As we install defenses, we are going to have to redownload that MongoDB memory server binary, which
usually takes a couple of minutes.
Yep.
There it is right there.
Personally, I'm on a pretty slow internet connection, so it's going to take a little bit.
So while that's running, let's go ahead and open up another terminal window and build an image out
of this order service.
So I'm going to open up another terminal window still inside of orders.
And I'll run a Docker build dash to even greater orders.
Naturally you will want to replace it even greater with your docker ID and then a dot.
That's going to take a moment as well, because the image also has to download and install that MongoDB
binary.
Actually it does not.
I forgot we we listed that inside of the dev dependencies, so that should go a little bit more quickly.
Regardless, it is going to take just a moment for both the NPM installs and the Docker build right
here to complete.
So we'll take a pause right here and continue in just a minute.